HBW-147 Make work multi select table via JSON (#300)
latera/homs: CHANGELOG.md

- [#283](https://github.com/latera/homs/pull/283) Seed improvements: add env variables for initial values
- [#288](https://github.com/latera/homs/pull/288) Add drag and drop field for file upload.

### Breaking changes
    

> -   `select_table` with multi select saves all data in JSON format now. It's not possible to open previous form with such table.     

Reviewer: Look at the my previous proposition please.

    - key `use_activiti_stub` was renamed to `use_bpm_stub` in ` config/hbw.yml`

    See [#253](https://github.com/latera/homs/pull/253) for more details.
    

> -   `select_table` with multi select saves all data in JSON format now. It's not possible to open previous form with such table.     

Reviewer: This version (`v1.7.0`) is already released. Add this notes to `v1.8.0` please.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `select_table` with `multi: true` saves all data in JSON format now. It's not possible to open form contains old data with such table.     
```
